what's going on YouTube just gonna do a
review of all of these Jordan Concours
I've um I probably wore these things
probably about 10 or 15 times already I
just wanted to kind of do a review of
them you know kind of show you guys how
they're holding up
I bought these from Shu Shu Qing 23 net
this is just like a no actually this was
dragging kicks this was Dragon Kings
calm they had like a special on there up
on the Concorde size 13 they were
selling them for like I think it was
like 50 65 bucks ship because I think at
the time they were just doing like the
free shipping so they just marked their
shoes I put I'll just kind of get into
it I don't know if you guys seen the
video before it's on my channel
somewhere but as soon as I got these I
did a review on them there's a lot of
creasing on the back you know the 23 is
actually not too bad but still it's it's
not really all that wide or tall as it
is wide so that's basically just about
the only fix I haven't done actually on
the insides I've got the 2012 Jordans
and these are the flowers of these make
them super comfortable I do wear 11 and
a half 12 just depending on size this
makes them fit really comfortable there
there are 13 there probably about a
whole size small anyway so they'd
probably fit like 11 and a half with
these insoles and them because they're
they're a lot thicker than the ones that
you get you know with with the ones they
send I mean they're paper-thin the other
ones but I just kind of want to let you
guys kind of see the details you know
they really didn't do a bad job on them
I got the Space Jam the the one thing
that really does impress me is how good
the patent looks you know well it's
gonna be super hard for you guys to see
that but I mean you can see how smooth
it is
I got the space yams and the breads and
neither one of those I mean they're
supposed to be triple equality and this
patents almost almost just as good as
the damn
you know the originals I've got I got a
pair that I've only worn once I'm not
all about dead stocking shoes because
you know they're just gonna fall apart
anyways but of course well I did a milky
toe fix but I just didn't work out too
great but thirdspace fix fully laced I
did buy some these strings they're just
the bottoms you can kind of see their
yellowing already I did the carbon fiber
fix on here like I said I wore these
last night I walked through a gravel
Parkway so they are kind of dirty right
now guys you know other than the
creasing in the back and not having a
reverse jump man you know he's got a rat
tail right now but that looks like a
freight he's like samurai Jordan it
looks like he's got a glove on but you
know I wear I wear everything over my
jeans anyway so but I just kind of kind
of want to let you guys see how they're
how they're wearing you know a little
bit of creasing on the sides there but
so you guys see the details here you
know of the of the shoe itself as far as
like all the stitching goes I mean Aton
you know real good job I just don't mess
with a dragon kicks calm anymore it was
just all over a coupon code you know the
patent it's okay I mean it's not super
thick but it's not even that bad let me
get into the other one here of course
this is pretty common to see on all of
them
you know where you got that stitching
that goes right in those areas there but
I mean
pretty impressive for a replica you know
right here like some some cardboard or
something in there it's kind of bending
a little bit but that was from day one
there and guys if you do a third space
fix you can actually just rip the
stitches out and use a liquid stitch I
didn't even stitch it back so it seems
to be holding pretty good but I just had
some time to waste I figured I'd let you
guys see this I mean you know that's a
little bit off right there but again
like I said a warm out last night
several looks at the feet so you know
nobody called me out on them so if they
did you know I got the real ones anyway
so it's not gonna hurt my feelings but
well guess that's it hope you enjoyed it
you know a dragon Tech kicks comm I mean
it came with this box actually when they
ship though reach down here now just
ship them in this box here that's just
waiting to get stolen you know if you're
not in a neighborhood where that's gonna
be exposed you know you just gotta your
buddy sees this wave this white and
black wave here I mean this yin-yang
looking stop box I mean it's just asking
to get stolen so of course they shipped
it out of South Carolina anyway so for
some reason they weren't in China I got
these in like two days two or three days
but and they came like I think that's
FedEx so kind of crazy guys but off
again I've been going to rep my shop
comma strip heaven now I've done a
review on them several other items I
just picked up but this is just wasting
some time
enjoy guys see